we've got our new 10 degrees left here a
motor running this thing is yet to
actually climb out so we're hoping that
between these two changes 10 cells and
the little bit of deflection on the
flaps that will get where we want first
time off do you have the others if you
want to swap them out depending on how
that Eska okay so this is gonna be this
is the way she is test as opposed to
futz in with her all day
all right vans gonna throw
medium he says
we've now walked over to the aircraft
and as you can see the fuselage has
snapped in half
that was the first and only test flight
of the day but it was successful first
climb out can't wait to go back and look
at it at home and look at it at home
nice
that was impressive
you